[Program with Spanish subtitles]
【Farm Romance】
[Episode 14]
Tea is served to the bride and groom.
[The fourth son of the Song family——Song Hailong]
Father-in-law, let’s have some tea.
OK, OK, OK.
Hailong.
after married,
they must join
and support each other.
Among human behaviors, filial piety is the most important.
They must know how to be filial to their parents and respect their elder brothers and sisters,
Expecting a baby soon
and set an example for future generations.
Yes, father-in-law.
I know.
Mother-in-law, let’s have some tea.
Hailong.
I entrusted you to the flowers.
You must be nice to her
They respect and love each other.
I know.
Huaer,
After marriage you have to take care of their family.
you two
they must support each other
And grow old together.
I know.
Huaer.
Now is the time. The bride leaves.
Hua'er, after you get married,
do not forget me.
He wants to marry into the Song family,
This is a wealthy family, but you...
Let's see who dares in the future...
Wealthy family receives bride
In an extraordinary way.
Look at the big teams.
No one in our town can compete with her.
certainly.
The fourth son of the Song family is getting married.
Of course the Song family attaches great importance to it.
Yes.
Flowers will depend on a good family.
The future, Mr. Lien
You can also enjoy a good life.
First is the right foot.
The left represents honor.
Only men can step left foot first.
You can't break the rules.
what does she do?
He is clearly setting the rules for the bride to follow.
they do not know?
Antes Lian Huaer
broke the jade pendant
This is one of the dowries of the Song family.
In order to fill this hole,
He borrowed a lot of money from the loan bank.
so,
Head of the Song family
She is still angry.
That's why he asked the dress lady
Give him a good scare.
The future, his life...
stop.
The flowers are going to suffer a lot.
Lift the sedan chair.
[Song Home]
Come on.
[Champion Cognac]
Hello gentlemen.
Yo
I am from the bride's family.
Congratulations on your wedding,
i brought
My carefully crafted cognac
Let them have more fun with it.
Cognac, have you heard of it?
Can the bride’s family come too?
of course not.
Sir, you try it.
OK
Are you OK?
The mouth is sweet and full of fruity aroma.
Good wine, good wine.
It tastes good, sir.
This is alcohol
It is made according to our ancient secret recipe.
After drinking this wine,
Your waist or legs won’t hurt,
Can carry 40 kilograms of rice at a time
Run along a 10-mile mountain trail
you won't be sleepy
Stay up all night reading.
How wonderful!
So let everyone try it.
Come on.
This alcohol is magical.
- Give us some too.
- Here here.
Okay, okay, wait a minute.
Give us a little too
For us to try.
Actually,
our alcohol
It is made with water from all four seasons.
It rained on March 3,
The thunder of June 6th,
Dew on September 9th
There is also the melting snow on December 2 of the lunar calendar.
It cost us
a lot of
Collect water from four seasons.
Since it is such a good wine,
tral
For us to try.
Yes.
Tral.
Tomei, Tomei.
enjoy.
Bring us two bottles and let us try them.
I go, I go.
【A virtuous and humble person is like an orchid】
Madam, how much does one pot cost?
Five taels.
Five taels?
That...
Very cheap!
I want to order ten ships.
Ten pots!
No more to say.
Give me ten pots first.
Ma'am, I want five boats.
Give me five ships.
Give me ten more.
OK
Tomei, Tomei.
Miss, I want five more.
OK
Five ships, five ships.
Don't worry.
Everyone has it.
If you buy five pots,
I'll give you peanuts and garlic.
If they buy ten, I give them one.
well.
thanks, thanks.
Miss, Miss, I want five pots.
I want five pots.
I set a low price.
Guests of the Song family
They were officials and nobles.
Miss miss.
Five cans, right?
Yeah.
well.
I was very surprised today.
bride's family
Already arrived at the mansion.
this is unreasonable
Have the bride's family come to the party.
She is indeed a farmer
Born in a small family,
Although he married into our Song family,
Still so rude.
Not only is it impolite,
But also shameless.
have you seen someone
Is shouting a business at a banquet?
Also, today is the wedding.
His cousin.
I didn't expect him to sell alcohol in public.
stop.
I'm embarrassed to even say it.
Mr. Wu.
Song Haikun wanted to see him outside.
Mr. Wu,
Prubelo.
Due to the loss of the ledger,
It is worth noting that
He was always nervous.
Now,
You don't let him distribute the goods.
Now he can't sit still
That's why I used this wine to please him.
If Master Song is so careful
on important matters,
i won't lose
matter.
Since Mr. Song worked so hard
To make up for it,
We will give you this opportunity.
Mr. Liu.
Mr. Wu said the wine was very good.
He asked for a hundred ships to sail to the capital.
this time,
Be careful.
If you make another mistake...
Mr. Wu, don't worry.
I know.
I go now.
[song]
mother in law.
drink tea
young owner,
Have you realized your mistake?
I don't know what mistake I made.
please tell me.
You have lost the jade pendant he gave you
Before you marry into our Song family
You also bought fake ones to fool us.
Not only was he in debt when he got married,
but now you are here
with cunning tongue
Lie to the lady.
Don't you know what mistake you made?
I know what I did wrong.
I shouldn't hide it from you
The jade thing.
But I lost the jade,
I'm worried too.
My husband has always been very nice to me.
I really don't want to
disturb him
That's why I'm confused
I also bought a piece of fake jade.
Sit down and talk to me.
i'm glad to hear
It means your husband treats you well.
with my husband,
He should love his wife.
but,
you've been planning this for a long time
How to treat your husband well, right?
mother in law.
Why do you say that?
i have always been loyal
To my husband.
Even if you give me ten courages
I dare not set a trap for my husband.
did you know
Isn’t your husband my son?
have no idea.
You marry into the Song family,
Is it to support your big family?
Mother-in-law, that's not what happened.
Didn't your mother teach you?
Aren't you going to disturb the ancestors?
But you are happy too early
for your plans.
Although Shanghai Long is my son in name,
In terms of talent and learning,
She is just like her mother,
He is very humble.
He is mediocre and accomplishes nothing.
Nor vying for the spotlight
and his brothers.
that's why,
Although he wants
Marry a country girl,
I accepted.
Below,
As long as they live peacefully
I will protect your food and clothing.
I know, mother-in-law.
Our lady is a kind person.
But not me.
Young master.
Think wisely.
What else are you hiding from this woman?
have no idea.
please tell me.
Since you don't know,
starting today,
Monthly salary will be reduced by half
And coal for the young owner.
There will be three or four left
Servant, that is.
I really don't know, mother-in-law.
please tell me.
you will come back
What does your cousin earn from your family?
At the wedding reception.
dongxiang,
He took the young master to her room.
Yes.
Honey,
when you get home,
Remember to tell Maner
The wine my brother ordered
Commissioned by Section Chief Wu
sent to the capital,
Be especially careful
And don't make any mistakes.
Otherwise, eldest brother will blame me.
What happened to the flowers?
Did my mother give you a hard time?
Honey,
you told me
you are son
The most admired person in the Song family?
My mother already told you.
Then why did you lie to me?
Today is the first day
I married into the Song family,
Have you already made me suffer so much?
This is real
I'm telling you this.
but that is
This way you will respect me.
Although no one in the house said it
They support me outside
Have a good reputation,
I know
in a mansion
They don't appreciate me very much.
My mother despises my origin
He doesn't want to be near me.
My brother won't let me
Managing a family business.
He saw that I was bored,
So he commissioned me to do something inconsequential
For me to pass the time.
did you know
how much have i done
marry you?
Of course I know.
So you have to trust me.
I did not do it on purpose
Betrayed you.
but,
It's hard to say.
Honey, are you really angry?
Honey,
Don't worry.
As long as we live peacefully
and have our own lives
behind closed doors,
we can live well
Inside the mansion.
I'm not angry.
All I've ever wanted is you
But your identity.
By the way, dear.
You said that before
Brother asked about Maner’s wine
Commissioned by Section Chief Wu.
Who is Boss Wu?
Mannar.
Youheng.
this is my father
Withdrawn from the bank.
He said he would lend you the money without interest.
Thank you, Youheng.
Even though they are brothers, they still have to settle accounts.
I can't break Mr. Kim's rules.
I will pay the interest due.
only you,
You take it so seriously.
Why is garlic added to peanuts?
Are they tied up in alcohol containers?
The recipe is already sold, right?
Although the formula has been sold,
peanut garlic
they are more famous
Than the alcohol just released.
If I give peanuts to a customer buying wine,
It doesn't cost me much.
But I could use the fame of Garlic Peanuts
to increase alcohol sales.
You Heng, you are here.
Mr. Lien.
How much money did you borrow?
Two hundred taels.
Why should we do less?
You also borrowed sixty taels
to other lenders, right?
That adds up to quite a bit.
Apart from,
Manager Liu
And Manager Qin
They are difficult to treat.
What are you doing
What if I can't get my money back?
Mannar.
Do you also borrow money from them?
Give it to Manager Liu and the others?
I have to buy raw materials.
There are not enough wild grapes in the mountains.
Also, I need more people.
But you ask to do business on credit,
I don't feel at peace.
dad.
Song Haikun
He asked me for a hundred ships
and said he would send them to the capital.
must be for
officials and nobles.
If officials and nobles like to drink,
They will demand a thousand ships from me,
Or two thousand later.
Then I can
Earn a thousand taels of gold.
Also, as long as I deliver wine
to the person who picked it up
Let's sign,
Song Haikun gave me the money right away.
Don't worry.
Mr. Lian
is right.
Better to be careful.
I will accompany you to deliver it later.
unnecessary.
After passing Pingfeng Mountain,
Someone will pick it up.
I have a day trip, which is more than enough time.
Mannar.
dad.
Don't worry.
Nothing will happen.
where you want to stay
This is very far away.
I have no idea
If you want to buy a house, rent land
Or do you want bulls, horses, exotic animals?
I don't buy anything.
I want you to send me a message.
they said
You have a connection with the mountain people.
Can you help me get there?
in three days,
A batch of goods will pass through Pingfeng Mountain.
[Unlock location: Black Tiger Village]
Throw.
Are you OK?
Have you asked clearly?
Yes.
As expected, it is the product of the Song family.
But the runner didn't want to say anything more.
Where did this news come from?
Is there a queue at the back?
Absolutely not.
they do not know
The location of our Black Tiger Village.
we always meet
The outpost at the foot of the mountain.
It's the Song family again.
How small the world is to the enemy!
many of our colleagues
They were forced up the mountain by the Song family.
How can we steal from them this time,
We must not miss this opportunity.
Mr. Shen, what do you think?
Work with us again.
Throw.
because of you...?
we have lived here for a long time
My friend and I
We provide them with a lot of help.
What you promise to return to us
It is delayed.
Now you let us
May we rob the Song family again.
It is not
Appropriate?
how about this?
We will work with you one last time,
Throw,
Give things back to us.
How about it?
OK
Shen, how are you?
this time,
what do you think?
Last time we used distraction.
this time,
We will replace the false with the true.
How about it?
[Song Home]
Urgent report!
hurry up.
The old gentleman was angry in the hall.
Tell others to take care of him.
Honey.
Something happened?
why do i feel like this
Everyone in the house is panicking?
that alcohol
My brother asked Mana,
Unfortunately
It was lost in transit.
Why is alcohol lost?
According to insiders,
The government took control of the wine and confiscated it.
But my brother just asked,
There is no government control.
Not clear so far
Who stole the wine.
so,
Will this matter affect Maner?
certainly.
The alcohol is lost,
Sure
Brother refuses to pay
He would let Manner handle the matter himself.
I'll tell you the details when I get back.
Be careful on the road, my dear.
Yes.
Tang Jin.
We don't want to go out.
This is real.
The boss is urging us.
The boss can't pay the bills.
Tang Jin.
Man'er, you're back.
Mr. Jin,
Why are you here?
Coincidentally,
I met with two managers.
They were going to find you.
so
I've talked to them.
Miss Manner,
Today we are here to settle accounts.
Today you must return the money as agreed.
Yes.
Dear managers, I...
They need to wait a little longer.
Still have to wait?
If you don't pay me back
how should i explain to him
To the boss?
We can't.
Don't worry.
I will raise funds as soon as possible
I'll give it back to you.
solo...
Give me a few more days, okay?
They've given you many days.
Look at you.
Don't make it difficult for them
to a girl
There must be a reason why she can't refund the money.
He didn't want to deny the debt.
Moreover, it is only a few dozen taels.
Why are you in such a hurry?
We have to pay our bills.
Listen to me, Miss Marner,
I've seen her grow.
I know what kind of person she is.
Don't worry.
All money will be returned to you.
But Tang Jin,
The boss is urging us.
but...
so,
Within half a month,
If Mannar cannot refund the money,
I'll pay you, okay?
Mr. Jin, you said so.
Don’t deny it at that moment.
When did I break my promise?
Mr. King.
I already owe you several hundred taels.
Quiet.
In business, this is normal
This liquidity takes several days.
of.
Well, it's too late now.
Leave first.
but...
Come to my house for a drink another day.
Come on, now, now.
in my place
I keep the champion cognac
From Miss Marner.
Come and drink some other time.
Yes, let's go.
How will you explain it when you come back?
We have agreed.
you...
Didn't you go deliver the wine today?
Didn't the Song family give you money?
The police took away the wine.
Did the police take him away?
what happened?
tell me.
This thing is very strange.
I'm delivering goods.
I just left town,
controlled soldier
I was arrested.
they said
The government is investigating the smuggling.
but my alcohol
There is already an official document.
I haven't explained it yet
These fierce
they took away the alcohol
Nothing was said.
Contraband?
some days ago,
I was drinking with some officers.
I didn't hear it.
I'll take you to the administrative office tomorrow to inquire.
Maybe we'll spend a little money,
We can recycle alcohol.
I just asked the administrative office.
They told me nothing.
All officials can say is:
"I do not know I do not know".
damn it!
don't you think
Is there anything strange about this?
that moment,
Did they produce any seizure documents?
No?
No, Mr. King.
If they are not from the government
Who will they be?
Let me ask.
Don't worry.
I will not be able to take back this shipment
For a while.
Now I just have to make another batch.
Pay back the money I'm owed.
OK
If you have any needs, please call Youheng
to help you.
Come back early and rest.
Your parents are waiting for you anxiously.
Thank you Mr. Kim.
Okay, here I go.
slowly.
OK
leave.
It's great to be a civil servant.
Look at my clothes,
I feel most arrogant.
Oops!
Very good, San.
you know these officials
Do they always do things without conscience?
Are you proud to wear this dress?
But if you...
you're right.
Let me enjoy it a little bit.
I'll take it off later.
Yeah yeah.
Do not make jokes.
Open the box.
Be careful.
Why no gold, paratha or jewellery?
Why only alcohol?
Are we short of wine in Black Tiger Village?
where did you get it
Damn news?
how could I know?
this...
OK
All right.
San, yes.
Although
This stuff isn't worth anything.
us
It can make the Song family angry,
Our work is not in vain.
But, Thirteen, you...
you're right.
is right.
That is.
gentlemen.
Yes, you are a bit fierce today.
She's just a girl.
Even though I'm a girl,
Work for the Song family.
Incidentally,
Why is the Song family like a big family?
ask
to a weak girl
Will that transport cargo?
How do we know?
What is that girl like?
She is very beautiful.
Yes?
How is she beautiful?
You and Shen Dong didn’t go,
So they didn't see the scandal.
When we steal goods,
She scolded us, which made me angry.
If I wasn't a gentle man to girls
I originally wanted to take her to the village.
♫The wind blows through the rice fields♫
♫Take the cigarette with you♫
♫The birds stay next to the branches♫
♫Looking from a distance♫
♫El Horizonte♫
♫Ir a contracorriente♫
♫My origin♫
♫Rotating Pen♫
♫See you in the cloud♫
♫I light incense to fulfill my wish♫
♫A puff of smoke♫
♫Residual memory♫
♫Keep it in your heart♫
you are here.
What do you want from me?
I want to ask you something.
I'm kidding you.
I know everything you do is for this.
Not only that.
think
The batch of wine that was stolen yesterday
Shen.
Although the wine is not valuable,
my colleagues
They stole it with great difficulty.
if you could ask for anything
de la Aldea Heihu,
How do I explain this to my colleagues?
How can I make people in the village respect me?
Throw.
This batch of wine is not from the Song family.
But from a friend of mine.
I didn't know anything before stealing.
But this batch of wine is important.
for me.
Even if you don't want to give it to me
You must give it to me.
I'll take it.
Shen Nuo.
Even if you take away the ledger,
I have many companions outside,
Do you think
You can leave this village
Then, immediately?
Today, alcohol
As for the ledger, you can only choose one.
Which one do you choose?
It seems you chose alcohol.
Throw.
Please don't break your promise.
Shen Nuo.
Is there a problem with the Song family?
Or Jinyang Bank?
Jinyang Bank?
I've seen the ledger.
The record is
owner's
del banco de Jinyang.
they are all celebrities
In the county seat.
thank you boss.
I am a commoner,
How could I have a problem
With an important man?
I just wanted to rip them off.
you're right.
you spent so much money
to here
You fight with me.
I did not expect
You will have a few glasses of wine.
Is it worth it?
Yes.
She is very important to me.
Is it the girl carrying the goods?
See you later.
Finally we came down from the mountain.
gentlemen.
Yu Xiangjin te ha dado
Ledgers and alcohol, right?
I traded my ledger for alcohol.
We will return in a few days
Take away any remaining alcohol.
but...
So what about returning to the capital?
Shisan...
I know you like Miss Lian.
but now
You don't care about the general situation.
you know very well
The importance of this ledger.
Transport route recorded
From wealthy local merchants who resell privasa salt,
member list
and the point of contact.
we have been so long
In Jinyang County,
so that?
Just to get the evidence as soon as possible
Are you going back to Beijing to report to the court?
sorry.
Everything we do now is in vain.
what are we going to do?
Me dijo Yu Xiangjin que
All persons registered on this account book
They came from a local bank.
It's called Jinyang Bank.
¿ Banco de Jinyang?
Yes.
I don't have a household registration book
But there is another way.
I have to go back to Yingzi Village.
maybe someone
can help me.
The boss has already said
Mr. Shen is a very caring person.
The boss has given him the account book.
He replaced it with alcohol.
He drank all the wine.
What's the point of leaving a damn book behind?
winter is here.
So many people waiting to eat.
what are we going to do?
mulberry.
It seems that the ledger is really useful.
what is the usage?
we can blackmail
That young man from the Song family.
The boss said so
This book is written
List of senders.
What Shen wants
The Song family also looked at him covetously.
what does that mean?
This shows that ledgers are very important.
we can ask
a lot of money.
never!
and temperament
Of the two leaders,
They won't agree.
No, they cannot agree.
With the temperament of the boss,
I believe he cannot lose his dignity.
Want money.
But the ledger
This doesn't work for us.
Better to change it into money.
when we invest money
in front of them,
Will they blame us?
you're right. hurry up.
Now I'm going to find runners.
To get the word out
Song Haikun found out about her.
i will understand
if we have left
Something about that outfit.
we have to dress up
We can't let him identify us.
We have to look for more people.
Song family bodyguard
They are very powerful.
come on.
Miss Marner.
Gerente Qian.
Why are you here?
I'm here
Asking you for the money you are owed.
we have agreed
You can give me more time, right?
Not much time has passed yet.
Apart from,
Mr. Jin answered it for me.
Forgive me, miss.
I don't want to break my promise.
Indeed, our boss
He blames me.
say what
I borrowed more and more money.
if i can't collect it
I will lose
Manager position.
Apart from,
Mr. King also borrowed money.
This is never reasonable
Participate in collecting payments from co-workers.
Hoy
I had to bring money to get the job done.
When you sell wine,
I will have money to pay you.
If you don't have money, pay with this.
work.
These grapes are worthless.
I got to make wine with them.
Don't take them away.
These grapes are indeed worthless.
They are worthless.
These grapes are worthless.
manager,
These grapes are indeed worthless.
Gerente Qian.
Youheng.
Paying down debt is reasonable.
Your father is Mr. King.
I don't want to be angry with you.
Don't get involved.
I will refund the money
for her.
Wouldn't it be solved if you asked someone to return it for you?
come on.
Mannar.
in your memory,
what
Does this make you happy?
Comer.
make money.
And watch fireworks.
once,
I saw a lot of fireworks.
so i ask
a small wish
I did not expect
This will happen the next day.
It would be great if I could see them again.
forget it.
There will be no fireworks here.
[Task: One thousand taels of gold]
[Income: Selling alcohol, borrowing money from Mr. Jin and taking out a house loan of 620 taels]
[Cost: The cost of mass production of alcohol is 728 taels]